README.md, before:

QMLify
======

QMLify is a build tool which uses Babel to compile ES6 code into the standard ES5 Javascript that QML understands. Because QML uses its own syntax for imports, QMLify wraps Babel to transpile the `require`/`exports` code that Babel outputs into `.import` code that QML uses.

In addition to the `qmlify` transpiler, there is also a QML module called `QuickFill` which adds some polyfills to the QML JS environment, including extensions on `Array`, `String`, and `Object`, plus the `Symbol`, `Reflector`, `Promise`, and collection classes, and the `fetch` API. The polyfill library is based on [Aurelia Polyfills](https://github.com/aurelia/polyfills) with some slight tweaks to work around the lack of globals support in QML.

### Installation

To install the `qmlify` build tool and the `QuickFill` library, just run `make install` from the root of this repository.

### Build configuration

To use `qmlify`, you will need to the `babel` CLI installed globally using NPM:

    npm install -g babel-cli

You will need to add a `.babelrc` file to tell `babel` (used by `qmlify`) which transformations to apply. Here is a sample `.babelrc` file with ES6 and some additional features enabled:

    {
        "presets": ["es2015", "stage-0"],
        "plugins": [
            "transform-decorators-legacy"
        ]
    }

Based on the this config file, you will need the following NPM packages saved locally as dev dependencies:

    babel-preset-es2015
    babel-preset-stage-0
    babel-plugin-transform-decorators-legacy

Now just run `qmlify` on your src directory like this:

    qmlify src build

This will transpile all JS files and copy any other files to the `build` directory. Now, run or reference your main QML file from the `build` directory instead of the `src` directory.

Happy modern JSing!

### Polyfills

The following pollyfills are included:

  - Array.from
  - Array.prototype.find
  - Array.prototype.findIndex
  - Array.prototype.includes
  - Number.isNaN
  - Number.isFinite
  - Object.assign
  - String.prototype.endsWith
  - String.prototype.startsWith
  - String.prototype.includes
  - WeakMap, Map, WeakSet, and Set
  - Reflect
  - Symbol
  - Promise
  - fetch, Request, Response, Headers

The QuickFill library is automatically imported into your ES6 code by default, and requires no additional action on your part. Just use the additional methods and classes as you would with a built-in JS method or class. To disable the polyfill, pass `--no-polyfills` to the `qmlify` script.

To use the polyfills in QML, import `QuickFill 0.1`, and the polyfilled classes will be available on the `Pollyfills` type. See the following example:

    import QtQuick 2.4
    import QuickFill 0.1

    Item {
        Component.onCompleted: {
            var set = new Polyfills.Set()

            set.add(4)
            set.add(5)
            set.add(4)

            console.log(set.size) // Prints 2
        }
    }

For convenience, the `Promise` class and static `Promise` methods (`resolve`, `reject`, `all`, and `race`) are also available on the `Promise` type like this:

    import QtQuick 2.4
    import QuickFill 0.1

    Item {
        Component.onCompleted: {
            var promise = new Promise.Promise()

            Promise.resolve(...)
        }
    }

The `fetch` API is available on the main `Pollyfills` type, but for a more readable API, is also available on a `Http` type like this:

    import QtQuick 2.4
    import QuickFill 0.1

    Item {
        Component.onCompleted: {
            Http.fetch('http://www.google.com')
                .then(function(response) {
                    console.log(response.text())
                }).catch(function(error) {
                    console.log(error)
                })
        }
    }

Note that while the static methods are directly exposed on the `Promise` type, you must use `new Promise.Promise()` to create a promise object.

### ES6-style module names

In QML, you might have a JS library file named `test.js` that looks like this:

    .pragma library

    function test() {
        console.log('test')
    }

Along with the corresponding `qmldir` file:

    module ExampleModule

    Test 0.1 test.js

If you wanted to use the `test()` function in another JS file in your app or in another QML module, you'd do something like this:

    .pragma library
    .import ExampleModule 0.1 as Example

    Example.Test.test()

In ES6, you would do something like this:

    // test.js
    export function test() {
        console.log('test')
    }

And use it in your file like this:

    import {test} from 'test'

    test()

To bridge the gap between the QML way of doing things and the ES6 style, `qmlify` lets you "export" specific files from QML modules as ES6 modules. To implement the previous example in QMLified ES6, you'd do something like this:

    // test.js
    export function test() {
        console.log('test')
    }

    // qmldir
    module ExampleModule

    Test 0.1 test.js

    // package.yml
    exports:
        test: ExampleModule/Test

Optionally, you can specify the default or latest version in the export:

    // package.yml
    exports:
        test: ExampleModule/Test 0.1

And install the `package.yml` file along side the `qmldir` and QML/JS files. Now in your app you'd do the following:

    // app.js
    import {test} from 'test'

    test()

    // package.yml
    dependencies:
       test: 0.1

If a default version is available and you want to use that, you can leave the dependency out of the `package.yml` file.

Note that the `package.yml` is used to both list dependencies and/or exports, depending on your needs. To see all available QMLified modules, run:

    qmlify --modules

### Upcoming features

 - Documentation on integrating with CMake and a C++ app (instead of simple QML)
 - Possible support for ES6 directly in QML

Commit message:

Add __dirname and __filename and update the README

README.md, after:

QMLify
======

QMLify is a build tool and QML module which provides an ES6/node-like environment for Javascript used in QML.

The build tool, `qmlify`, uses Babel to compile ES6 code into the standard ES5 Javascript and then applys additional transforms to target the custom JS environment that QML uses. Because QML uses its own syntax for imports, QMLify wraps Babel to transpile the `require`/`exports` code that Babel outputs into `.import` code that QML uses.

In additional to the actual ES6 language features, QMLify provides some polyfills to add missing ES6 classes or methods as well as some standard features from Node.js such as `__dirname` and `__filename`. The polyfills are available both in ES6 as normal classes and methods, and from QML using the `QuickFill` module. See the Polyfills of this README for more details on how to use them.

### Installation

To install the `qmlify` build tool and the `QuickFill` library, just run `make install` from the root of this repository.

### Build configuration

To use `qmlify`, you will need to the `babel` CLI installed globally using NPM:

    npm install -g babel-cli

You will need to add a `.babelrc` file to tell `babel` (used by `qmlify`) which transformations to apply. Here is a sample `.babelrc` file with ES6 and some additional features enabled:

    {
        "presets": ["es2015", "stage-0"],
        "plugins": [
            "transform-decorators-legacy"
        ]
    }

Based on the this config file, you will need the following NPM packages saved locally as dev dependencies:

    babel-preset-es2015
    babel-preset-stage-0
    babel-plugin-transform-decorators-legacy

Now just run `qmlify` on your src directory like this:

    qmlify src build

This will transpile all JS files and copy any other files to the `build` directory. Now, run or reference your main QML file from the `build` directory instead of the `src` directory.

Happy modern JSing!

### Node.js features

QMLify provides some features that mimic a Node.js environment. Currently, the only features are `__dirname` and `__filename`, though more features are planned.

### Polyfills

The following pollyfills are included:

  - Array.from
  - Array.prototype.find
  - Array.prototype.findIndex
  - Array.prototype.includes
  - Number.isNaN
  - Number.isFinite
  - Object.assign
  - String.prototype.endsWith
  - String.prototype.startsWith
  - String.prototype.includes
  - WeakMap, Map, WeakSet, and Set
  - Reflect
  - Symbol
  - Promise
  - fetch, Request, Response, Headers

The QuickFill library is automatically imported into your ES6 code by default, and requires no additional action on your part. Just use the additional methods and classes as you would with a built-in JS method or class. To disable the polyfill, pass `--no-polyfills` to the `qmlify` script.

To use the polyfills in QML, import `QuickFill 0.1`, and the polyfilled classes will be available on the `Pollyfills` type. See the following example:

    import QtQuick 2.4
    import QuickFill 0.1

    Item {
        Component.onCompleted: {
            var set = new Polyfills.Set()

            set.add(4)
            set.add(5)
            set.add(4)

            console.log(set.size) // Prints 2
        }
    }

For convenience, the `Promise` class and static `Promise` methods (`resolve`, `reject`, `all`, and `race`) are also available on the `Promise` type like this:

    import QtQuick 2.4
    import QuickFill 0.1

    Item {
        Component.onCompleted: {
            var promise = new Promise.Promise()

            Promise.resolve(...)
        }
    }

The `fetch` API is available on the main `Pollyfills` type, but for a more readable API, is also available on a `Http` type like this:

    import QtQuick 2.4
    import QuickFill 0.1

    Item {
        Component.onCompleted: {
            Http.fetch('http://www.google.com')
                .then(function(response) {
                    console.log(response.text())
                }).catch(function(error) {
                    console.log(error)
                })
        }
    }

Note that while the static methods are directly exposed on the `Promise` type, you must use `new Promise.Promise()` to create a promise object.

### ES6-style module names

In QML, you might have a JS library file named `test.js` that looks like this:

    .pragma library

    function test() {
        console.log('test')
    }

Along with the corresponding `qmldir` file:

    module ExampleModule

    Test 0.1 test.js

If you wanted to use the `test()` function in another JS file in your app or in another QML module, you'd do something like this:

    .pragma library
    .import ExampleModule 0.1 as Example

    Example.Test.test()

In ES6, you would do something like this:

    // test.js
    export function test() {
        console.log('test')
    }

And use it in your file like this:

    import {test} from 'test'

    test()

To bridge the gap between the QML way of doing things and the ES6 style, `qmlify` lets you "export" specific files from QML modules as ES6 modules. To implement the previous example in QMLified ES6, you'd do something like this:

    // test.js
    export function test() {
        console.log('test')
    }

    // qmldir
    module ExampleModule

    Test 0.1 test.js

    // package.yml
    exports:
        test: ExampleModule/Test

Optionally, you can specify the default or latest version in the export:

    // package.yml
    exports:
        test: ExampleModule/Test 0.1

And install the `package.yml` file along side the `qmldir` and QML/JS files. Now in your app you'd do the following:

    // app.js
    import {test} from 'test'

    test()

    // package.yml
    dependencies:
       test: 0.1

If a default version is available and you want to use that, you can leave the dependency out of the `package.yml` file.

Note that the `package.yml` is used to both list dependencies and/or exports, depending on your needs. To see all available QMLified modules, run:

    qmlify --modules

### Upcoming features

 - Documentation on integrating with CMake and a C++ app (instead of simple QML)
 - Possible support for ES6 directly in QML
 - ES6-only tests that work with the QtQuick Test framework
 - More Node.js features
